Docs (lambda-extension): add warning about caching re. distributed tracing headers (#28118)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/aws/lambda-extension.mdx

Currently, the cache key is a hash of the request URL path, headers, body, and
token.

> ~> **Warning!** Since the Vault Lambda Extension's cache key includes the headers of the request
> to the proxy, any usage of distributed tracing headers in such request, like `traceparent`, may render all requests
> unique and prevent cache hits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning title="Distributed tracing headers may negate the cache">

  The Vault Lambda Extension cache key includes headers from proxy requests. As
  a result, distributed tracing headers like `traceparent` can lead to
  individualized hashes that make repeated requests appear unique and cause cache
  misses.

</Warning>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid possessives, use tag-style aside notation
